audit: Send pool servers addresses in case of erasure (#11233)
Minio-io/minio: docs/logging/README.md

Setting this environment variable automatically enables audit logging to the HTTP target. The audit logging is in JSON format as described below.

NOTE:
- `timeToFirstByte` and `timeToResponse` will be expressed in Nanoseconds.

> - In case of the erasure setup, the list of involved disks in object operations can be found in `tags.objectsAndPools`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the case of the erasure setup `tags.objectErasureMap` provides
   - Pool number
   - Set number
   - The list of disks belonging to the set
```

    "Vary": "Origin",
    "X-Amz-Request-Id": "15BA4A72C0C70AFC",
    "X-Xss-Protection": "1; mode=block"

>   },
>   "tags": {
>     "objectsAndPools": {
>       "path/to/object": [
>         "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk1",
>         "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk2",
>         "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk3",
>         "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk4"
>         ]
>       }

Reviewer: BTW along with this, we should also add 

```suggestion
  },
  "tags": {
    "objectErasureMap": {
      "pool": 1,
      "set":   10,
      "path/to/object": [
        "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk1",
        "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk2",
        "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk3",
        "http://minio.example.com/mnt/zone1/disk4"
        ]
      }
```

    "X-Xss-Protection": "1; mode=block"
  },
  "tags": {
    "objectErasureMap": {

>       "pool": 1,

Author: Actually we should include this information per object, in case of multi-delete, each object can be in a different pool/set
